---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "uapi_prometheus_node_exporter_lua_config Data Source - uapi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The global prometheus-node-exporter-lua settings (uci prometheus-node-exporter-lua).
---

# uapi_prometheus_node_exporter_lua_config (Data Source)

The global prometheus-node-exporter-lua settings (uci prometheus-node-exporter-lua).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "uapi_prometheus_node_exporter_lua_config" "this" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `boottime` (Boolean) Whether the boottime collector is enabled.
- `cpu` (Boolean) Whether the cpu collector is enabled.
- `diskstats` (Boolean) Whether the diskstats collector is enabled.
- `edac` (Boolean) Whether the edac collector is enabled.
- `entropy` (Boolean) Whether the entropy collector is enabled.
- `filesystem` (Boolean) Whether the filesystem collector is enabled.
- `hwmon` (Boolean) Whether the hwmon collector is enabled.
- `id` (String) Stable id of the prometheus-node-exporter-lua config section.
- `listen_interface` (String) Network interface the exporter is bound to.
- `listen_ipv6` (Boolean) Whether the exporter listens on IPv6.
- `listen_port` (String) TCP port the exporter listens on.
- `loadavg` (Boolean) Whether the loadavg collector is enabled.
- `managed` (Boolean) Whether the underlying uci section is uapi-managed.
- `meminfo` (Boolean) Whether the meminfo collector is enabled.
- `netdev` (Boolean) Whether the netdev collector is enabled.
- `netstat` (Boolean) Whether the netstat collector is enabled.
- `stat` (Boolean) Whether the stat collector is enabled.
- `textfile` (Boolean) Whether the textfile collector is enabled.
- `thermal_zone` (Boolean) Whether the thermal_zone collector is enabled.
- `time` (Boolean) Whether the time collector is enabled.
- `uname` (Boolean) Whether the uname collector is enabled.
- `vmstat` (Boolean) Whether the vmstat collector is enabled.
